README.md, before:

<h2> Hi, I'm Fateme Ghalandari. 
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/mGcNjsfWAjY5AEZNw6/giphy.gif" width="50">
</h2>
<img align='right' src="https://media.giphy.com/media/ieyl9zmCjO4b4t6qoY/giphy.gif" width="230">
<p>
  <em>
    Computer engineering graduate at 
    <a href="https://www.iust.ac.ir/">
      Iran University of Science And Technology</a>
    <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/fYSnHlufseco8Fh93Z/giphy.gif" width="30">
  </br>
    Frontend Developer
    <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="30"> 
  </em>
</p>
<p>
  <a href="https://fghalandarii@gmail.com">
    <img alt="Gmail" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
  </a>

  
  <a href="https://github.com/FatemeGhalandari" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Github" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-%2312100E.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Github&logoColor=white" />
  </a> 
  <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/12572405/fateme-ghalandari" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Stackoverflow" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Stack_Overflow-FE7A16?style=for-the-badge&logo=stack-overflow&logoColor=white" />
  </a> 
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/fateme-ghalandari/" target="_blank">
    <img alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a> 
  
</p>

### <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/VgCDAzcKvsR6OM0uWg/giphy.gif" width="50"> A little more about me...  

```javascript
const Me = {
  name: "Fateme",
  about: "I'm a frontend developer",
  tools: ["ReactJS", "TailwindCSS", "MaterialUI", "Redux", "NodeJS"],
  languages: ["Javascript", "HTML", "CSS", "Python"],
  teamTools: ["Github", "Discord", "Trello"],
  softSkills: ["passionate learner", "problem solver"],
  challenge: "I'm trying to learn everyday and get better."
}
```
<h2 align="start">Github Status</h2>

<div align="center" >
  <div>
    <a href="https://github.com/FatemeGhalandari" title="Go to Source">
      <img width=400 src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=FatemeGhalandari&show_icons=true&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&hide=contribs" alt="zumrudu-anka" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/FatemeGhalandari" title="Go to Source">
      <img width=400 src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=FatemeGhalandari&theme=transparent&hide_border=true" />
    </a>
  </div>
</div>  


---

Commit message:

Update README.md to add about me section

README.md, after:

<h2> Hi, I'm Fateme Ghalandari. 
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/mGcNjsfWAjY5AEZNw6/giphy.gif" width="50">
</h2>
<img align='right' src="https://media.giphy.com/media/ieyl9zmCjO4b4t6qoY/giphy.gif" width="230">
<p>
  <em>
    Computer engineering graduate at 
    <a href="https://www.iust.ac.ir/">
      Iran University of Science And Technology</a>
    <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/fYSnHlufseco8Fh93Z/giphy.gif" width="30">
  </br>
    Frontend Developer
    <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="30"> 
  </em>
</p>
<p>
  <a href="https://fghalandarii@gmail.com">
    <img alt="Gmail" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
  </a>

  
  <a href="https://github.com/FatemeGhalandari" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Github" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-%2312100E.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=Github&logoColor=white" />
  </a> 
  <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/12572405/fateme-ghalandari" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Stackoverflow" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Stack_Overflow-FE7A16?style=for-the-badge&logo=stack-overflow&logoColor=white" />
  </a> 
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/fateme-ghalandari/" target="_blank">
    <img alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a> 
  
</p>

### <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/VgCDAzcKvsR6OM0uWg/giphy.gif" width="50"> A little more about me...  
🔭 I’m currently working as a Frontend Developer, crafting immersive and visually appealing user experiences.  
🎓 I hold a degree in Computer Engineering, which has provided me with a solid foundation in software development and problem-solving.  
🎨 My passion for art and painting has naturally drawn me to frontend development, as it allows me to blend creativity with technical skills to build interactive and captivating digital spaces.  
💡 I'm a firm believer in lifelong learning. Each day presents an opportunity to acquire new skills and deepen my understanding of evolving technologies.  
🌟 Why Frontend?  
Frontend development, to me, is a symphony of creativity and logic. The ability to bring designs to life through code, while ensuring seamless functionality, is truly exhilarating. It's like painting a masterpiece that not only pleases the eye but also engages the mind. Solving complex puzzles, optimizing performance, and making user-centric interfaces excites the curious problem solver in me.  
🛠️ My Skill Set:  
```javascript
const Me = {
  tools: ["ReactJS", "TailwindCSS", "MaterialUI", "Redux", "NodeJS"],
  languages: ["Javascript", "HTML", "CSS", "Python"],
  teamTools: ["Github", "Discord", "Trello"],
}
```
<h2 align="start">Github Status</h2>

<div align="center" >
  <div>
    <a href="https://github.com/FatemeGhalandari" title="Go to Source">
      <img width=400 src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=FatemeGhalandari&show_icons=true&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&hide=contribs" alt="zumrudu-anka" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/FatemeGhalandari" title="Go to Source">
      <img width=400 src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=FatemeGhalandari&theme=transparent&hide_border=true" />
    </a>
  </div>
</div>  


---
